feat: Allows to override default values (#508)
che-incubator/chectl: README.md

  -t, --templates=templates
      [default: templates] Path to the templates folder

>   --che-operator-cr-patch=che-operator-cr-patch

Reviewer: well, it's actually checluster-cr... Maybe it makes sense to name it like this then?

>   --che-operator-cr-patch=che-operator-cr-patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --che-operator-cr-patch=che-operator-cr-patch.yaml
```

>       Path to a yaml file that overrides the default value a CheCluster used by the operator. This parameter is used only 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Path to a yaml file that overrides the default values in CheCluster CR used by the operator. This parameter is used only 
```
